dxFileUploader: dropZone option (#1265)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxFileUploader/1 Configuration/dropZone.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies the HTML element where users can drag and drop files for uploading. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the HTML element in which users can drag and drop files for upload. 
```
